README.md, before:

# ScalioTest

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 13.2.3.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

updated README file with instructions and description

README.md, after:

# Scalio Test

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 13.2.3.

## Installation
Run `yarn install:dev` to install dependencies for both frontend and backend.

to install `yarn` globally run `npm i -g yarn`.

## Local
Run `yarn start` to concurrently start both applications on local

## Production
Frontend is available at: https://6235af4012d4cf000809f502--zen-bartik-e8d6bd.netlify.app
Backend API is available at: https://cnv0msg6hd.execute-api.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/posts

### App Description
The app starts with the home page where the user can input the post ID to search for the post. Once the "Send" button is pressed, the app sends request to the backend API to fetch the post by the specified ID. If post not found or is missing one of the main fields, the API will respond with corresponding error. Once the post data is delivered from the API, the app redirect user to the `/details` page where the both title and the body of the post is shown, along with the "Go Back" button to return to the home page.

### Technologies used
Frontend - Angular 13, Angular Material, NgRx, Jasmine
Backend - NestJS, Serverless, AWS Lambda, Jest
Deployment - Netlify, AWS
